You may not know much about me
My name is Xia Kexin
Just came back from abroad
Nice to meet you.
Miss Xia, what happened to me all of a sudden?
Take a look at this first
This is the day I welcome
The Xia family and the Wan family are both big families in the capital
I think you are handsome too.
If only we could get a divorce
Ok no no no
Miss, this is the first time we have met.
Talking about getting married so soon
Is it too early to come out?
Master Wan
Since you are on a business trip
You should understand something
Only by joining forces can the two families go further
Am I not pretty enough?
Little Miss
You are awesome
Is that because I'm not sexy enough?
Not Miss
You look sexy.
Then why don't you want to marry me?
Because this guy is not from my family at all